README.md, before:

# ArgoDSM

[ArgoDSM](https://www.it.uu.se/research/project/argo) is a software distributed
shared memory system which aims to provide great performance with a simplified
programming model.


## EPEEC Prototypes

New features are being developed for ArgoDSM to enable enhanced support for the OmpSs-2@ArgoDSM programming model.
Tags are published for the *Initial Prototype* and the *Intermediate Prototype* points in development:  
https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm/tree/epeec-initial-prototype  
https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm/tree/epeec-intermediate-prototype

To retrieve and check out the Intermediate Prototype using Git, use following commands (analogous for the Initial Prototype):
```
git clone https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm.git
cd argodsm
git checkout epeec-intermediate-prototype
```
Further instructions on usage can be found in the repository's [README.md](https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm/blob/epeec-initial-prototype/README.md).


## EPEEC Development

Ongoing development of features to enable enhanced support for OmpSs-2@ArgoDSM will continually be published in a development branch:  
https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm/tree/nanos6


## Stable Version

The stable version of ArgoDSM is maintained by Eta Scale:  
https://github.com/etascale/argodsm

Commit message:

Add stable version as primary repository
The stable version of ArgoDSM is now also used within the EPEEC project to
support development of OmpSs-2@ArgoDSM.

README.md, after:

# ArgoDSM

[ArgoDSM](https://www.it.uu.se/research/project/argo) is a software distributed
shared memory system which aims to provide great performance with a simplified
programming model.


## Stable Version

The stable version of ArgoDSM is maintained by Eta Scale:  
https://github.com/etascale/argodsm


## EPEEC Prototypes

The *Initial* and *Intermediate* prototypes of ArgoDSM for the corresponding
OmpSs-2@ArgoDSM software deliverables can be found in a separate repository.
Tags were published for the *Initial Prototype* and the *Intermediate Prototype*
points in development:  
https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm/tree/epeec-initial-prototype  
https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm/tree/epeec-intermediate-prototype

To retrieve and check out the Intermediate Prototype using Git, use following
commands (analogous for the Initial Prototype):
```
git clone https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm.git
cd argodsm
git checkout epeec-intermediate-prototype
```
Further instructions on usage can be found in the repository's [README.md](https://github.com/pekemark/argodsm/blob/epeec-initial-prototype/README.md).
